1. What does the XML language represents? What does it used for? 

Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable. The design goals of XML emphasize simplicity, generality, and usability over the Internet. It is a textual data format with strong support via Unicode for different human languages. Although the design of XML focuses on documents, it is widely used for the representation of arbitrary data structures, for example in web services. Many application programming interfaces (APIs) have been developed to aid software developers with processing XML data, and several schema systems exist to aid in the definition of XML-based languages.

2. Create XML document students.xml, which contains structured description of students. For each student you should enter information for his name, sex, birth date, phone, email, course, specialty, faculty number and a list of taken exams (exam name, tutor, score).

3. What does the namespaces represents in the XML documents? What are they used for? 
	
XML namespaces are used for providing uniquely named elements and attributes in an XML document. An XML instance may contain element or attribute names from more than one XML vocabulary. If each vocabulary is given a namespace, the ambiguity between identically named elements or attributes can be resolved. A simple example would be to consider an XML instance that contained references to a customer and an ordered product. Both the customer element and the product element could have a child element named id. References to the id element would therefore be ambiguous; placing them in different namespaces would remove the ambiguity.

4. Explore http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier to learn more about URI, URN and URL definitions.

5. Add default namespace for the students "urn:students".

6. Create XSD Schema for the students.xml document. Add new elements in the schema: information for enrollment (date and exam score) and teacher's endorsements.

7. Write a XSL stylesheet to visualize the students as HTML. Test it in your favourite browser.
	NOTE! Works only in Firefox and IE. Don't work in Google chrome!!!!!!